com/guichaguri/trackplayer/activity/MyCustomReactViewManager.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.MyCustomReactViewManager
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/SeekBar/BubbleConfigBuilder.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleConfigBuilder
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/module/NewsItemStorage.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.module.NewsItemStorage
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/preferences/SharedPrefHelper.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.preferences.SharedPrefHelper
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/BuildConfig.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.BuildConfig
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/activity/PlayerManager.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.PlayerManager
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.PlayerManager$1
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/client/Constants.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.client.Constants
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/module/NewsItem.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.module.NewsItem
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/SeekBar/BubbleUtils.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleUtils
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/activity/CustomView.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.CustomView
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.CustomView$1
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.CustomView$2
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.CustomView$3
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/activity/PlayerActivity.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.PlayerActivity
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.PlayerActivity$1
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.PlayerActivity$2
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.PlayerActivity$3
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.PlayerActivity$4
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.PlayerActivity$5
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.PlayerActivity$6
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/client/PlayerController.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.client.PlayerController
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/client/PlayerAdapter.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.client.PlayerAdapter
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.client.PlayerAdapter$1
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.client.PlayerAdapter$AudioFocusHelper
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/SeekBar/BubbleSeekBar.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$1
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$2
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$3
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$4
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$4$1
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$5
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$6
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$7
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$8
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$BubbleView
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$CustomSectionTextArray
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$OnProgressChangedListener
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$OnProgressChangedListenerAdapter
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.SeekBar.BubbleSeekBar$TextPosition
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/module/MusicModule.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.module.MusicModule
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/databinding/CustomDialogSpeedBinding.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.databinding.CustomDialogSpeedBinding
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/service/Utils.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.service.Utils
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/databinding/PlayerScreenBinding.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.databinding.PlayerScreenBinding
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/client/PlaybackInfoListener.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.client.PlaybackInfoListener
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/activity/ViewDialog.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.ViewDialog
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.ViewDialog$1
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.ViewDialog$2
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.activity.ViewDialog$3
com/guichaguri/trackplayer/TrackPlayer.java
 com.guichaguri.trackplayer.TrackPlayer
